my look feel from will you know y'all
suspect I move a suspect
holding our general about you
weight average and watch knew that a lot
of work for you let me you show me what
well I should never that way a large
woman Oh general said a word enough
what's wrong now
now what's on your dream come true but
I'm gonna tell you one more time cuz
really you a dream come true I've seen
that look inside your eyes and you see
mine too all the nice girls gone all
that's left is you I never ever wrote
like this in my life but there's a first
time for everything look at you all I
see is my wife Betsy y'all so you do the
folk ain't trying to pretend and still
act the same way when you in front of
your friends you know sweet memories the
bride from pretty beginnings
I'm ready consider don't give enough
obese women the pistol phase I'm going
through this let me stay in it rose
petals pick them off and in it
Oh slow down don't let this whole thing
crash baby girl I agree moving too fast
don't want a relationship is yet maybe
we should be dressed first just watch
how I turn this versa is it my delivery
that makes you wanna focus so why you
really feeling weak or the chances
hopeless mixed in emotions I'm gonna
fill you up with talks of bullshit
skulking in an Irish mushes what you
need your lotion it's coming down to
decisions and my well sweet I need in
your voice when I hear you speak I
promised myself I wouldn't even part
with marriage I see you pushing my seat
in a baby carriage
baby when we go out they stop the stare
stained disrespecting me but we still
prepared let me know once I admire you
too much my game is coke crush you're
never and my losing my touch all the
cheese inside say you like my type
every man's gonna need a woman in his
life Milo the cheese the boat is your
spots like no Jenny from my block you'll
be the first resort ain't no cop to me
you feels like the first time cuz you
still amaze me and now you try to hurt
you baby girl must be crazy
fresh
Infinite's put much sauce in a bitch
really
friends love a woman solids country to
befriend as I go so yo
still am I to get both a girl let's be
friends
continually yeah fresh drive all the
child go drink some champagne anything a
senator I need some steel this outcrop
Bridal
you